Update README.md and VSC Marketplace (#5882)
sourcegraph/cody: vscode/README.md

- "Add helpful debug log statements"
- "Make this work" _(seriously, it often works—try it!)_

<img src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/vscode-marketplace/cody-chat.gif" width="700" alt="Cody Chat">

## Built-In Prompts

Streamline your development process by using prompts to understand, improve, fix, document, and generate unit tests for your code.

<img src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/vscode-marketplace/cody-prompts.gif" width="700" alt="Explain Code command">

## Prompt Library

You can also create your own prompts and save them in the [Prompt Library](https://sourcegraph.com/docs/cody/capabilities/commands#prompt-library) to tailor Cody to your workflow. 

## Choose Your LLM

> Cody users can select the LLM they want to use for chat and experiment to choose the best model for the job. Choose from Claude 3 Opus, Claude 3.5 Sonnet, Claude 3 Haiku, GPT-4 Turbo, GPT-3.5 Turbo, Google Gemini 1.5 Pro, Gemini 1.5 Flash, and Mixtral. Cody Pro users can also select Claude 3 Opus and GPT-4o.

Reviewer: @iskyOS Nowadays as non-enterprise customers have a shorter list of models to choose from
![models-available](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f4aac10b-e8de-4d05-916b-4109c045e3c0)
Expect the o1 family for which I have access I believe that this is the current list of available models so no GPT-4 Turbo or GPT-3-5.

https://sourcegraph.com/docs/cody/capabilities/supported-models#chat-and-commands
If you look here https://github.com/sourcegraph/cody/blob/main/lib/shared/src/models/dotcom.ts#L35
Free users have access to 
Sonnet claude-3.5
Claude 3 Haiku
gemini-1.5-pro
gemini-1.5-flash

PRO users also get
Claude 3 Opus
Chat GPT4-o

Author: Thanks @ichim-david. Updating:

```suggestion
Cody users can select the LLM they want to use for chat and experiment to choose the best model for the job. Choose from Claude 3.5 Sonnet, Claude 3 Haiku, Gemini 1.5 Pro, Gemini 1.5 Flash, and Mixtral 8x7B. Cody Pro users can also select Claude 3 Opus and GPT-4o.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks @ichim-david!
